website/integrations: Actual Budget: cleanup (#23283)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/miscellaneous/actual-budget/index.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create an application and provider
```

## What is Actual Budget?

> > Actual Budget is a fast, privacy-focused app for managing personal finances. At its heart is the well proven and much loved Envelope Budgeting methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Actual Budget is a fast, privacy-focused app for managing personal finances. It helps users track and manage their income, expenses, and budgets in real time.
```
